young love is a beautiful thing and as
you may know I am the host an executive
producer of a very popular bachelor
spin-off show it's called baby bachelor
in paradise
we take children away from their parents
and put them on an island not unlike
Lord of the Flies and tonight I'm proud
to present a new episode that we call
Episode three last time on baby bachelor
in paradise you guys miss me
[Music]
this guy come from
is tried
feels good to be here getting another
opportunity hopefully things will go
better this time
what are your thoughts Jen uh so far
I've only seen kids so I'm a little
confused at that
[Music]
just kids yeah just kids oh well I can
work out and hang out and teach the kids
some of my wisdom
[Music]
elsewhere in paradise Charlie resigns
herself to the possibility that she'll
grow old alone surrounded by rescue dogs
what Charlie doesn't know is that hope
is on the horizon a new young old
familiar face from before I'm glad I
might fly away stood no time in pressing
ladies and Charlie is quick to buzz in
Charlie worries that Clyde won't accept
her past
[Music]
she has bad news
Charlie decided to pour one out for the
homies
[Music]
climate seems like you've fallen for
Charlie have you what yeah when you met
Charlie did you sense it right away was
there a connection she's in a marry
birth well that's a very sweet thing to
say Clyde are you worried about getting
into a relationship with Charlie Oh what
are you scared of spiders well there are
a lot of tangled webs for you to go
through and I wish you the best and I
hope you get those rocks out of your
sandal - Aidan and kennedys romance
heats up in the hot tub the hot tub one
would love a lot of fun
even I have flash Babu
I like jumping gonna play it cool
[Music]
here you guys know where the grown-ups
are you trying to go
I didn't expect Ethan to come at me like
that but
[Music]
on the next baby bachelor in paradise
who gets engaged who gets mad
and Dylan and Chad have a heart-to-heart
you got girls out here yeah we have
girls out here and we have all Oracle's
all right yeah and we have a giant spiky
Carnival giant spiky caramel yeah if
everyone is made of cactus next time on
baby bachelor in paradise
thanks for watching if you liked that
subscribe to our YouTube channel for all
the latest videos and if you didn't
subscribe anyway it's free who cares